docs: add CI Insights (#6136)
Mergifyio/docs: src/content/docs/ci-insights/pytest.mdx

uploaded to CI Insights without any extra workflow changes.

## 1. Installation

You need to install the
[`pytest-mergify`](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pytest-mergify) plugin to
automatically upload your
test results to **CI Insights**. This can be done in different way depending on
your way of managing your Python dependencies. Below are a few examples:

:::note
  Ensure your CI Insights token is set up as explained in the [installation
  docs](/ci-insights#enabling-ci-insights-for-github).
:::

### Pip / Requirements File

`pip install pytest-mergify`

Or add `pytest-mergify` to your `requirements.txt`.

### `setup.py`

```python
setup(
    name="your-package",
    ...
    install_requires=[
        ...
    ],
    extras_require={
        "dev": ["pytest-mergify"]
    },
    ...
)
```

Make sure those dependencies are installed when running your tests.

### `setup.cfg`

```config
[options.extras_require]
dev =
    pytest-mergify
```

Make sure those dependencies are installed when running your tests.

### Poetry

```bash
poetry add --group dev pytest-mergify
```

## 2. Modify Your Workflow

Your workflow should run your test as usual while exporting the secret

> `MERGIFY_TOKEN` as an environment variable. You'll need to add:
> 
> ```yaml
> env:
>   MERGIFY_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.MERGIFY_TOKEN }}
> ```
> 
> to the step running your tests. For example:

Reviewer: I had to add a blackslash in the suggestion otherwise it doesn't work because of the nested code block 

```suggestion
`MERGIFY_TOKEN` as an environment variable. You'll need to add the following code
to the GitHub Actions step running your tests:

```yaml
env:
  MERGIFY_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.MERGIFY_TOKEN }}
\```
```
